README.md, before:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React APP](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Get Started

You can get a docker container of the app by 
```
docker pull flowsquad/bpm-repo-client
```


If you want to make adjustments, get the app via 
```
git clone https://github.com/FlowSquad/bpm-repo-client.git
```
and check out the [Documentation](#TODO: Docusaurus link einfügen)


## Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.


### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `docker build .`

Build the [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) container in the current directory



## Languages

By default, the app comes with English and German translations.

### Changing translations

If you want to adjust a translations, navigate to the [translations-folder](public/translations) and open the corresponding language package. The JSON file contains the dictionary for all used terms and can be edited as desired.

### Adding new language packages

In order to add a new language, you have to go through three steps:
1. Create a new folder *foldername* in [translations](public/translations)
2. Copy the whole dictionary from another language package and replace all the translations
3. Add the corresponding Select-Option in the UI:
   - Navigate to [Menu](src/components/Menu/Menu.tsx)
    - Add an object like this to the *options*-Array, where you enter id, label, code (all standard nation codes are supported) and your *foldername* :
    
    ```javascript        
      {
      id: "German",
      label: t("language.german"),
      icon: <Flag className={classes.flagIcon} code="de" />,
      type: "button",
      onClick: () => changeLanguage(*foldername*)
      }
   ```




# Issues and Questions

If you experience any bugs or have questions concerning the usage or further development plans, don't hesitate to create a new issue. However, **please make sure to include all relevant logs, screenshots, and code examples**. Thanks!



# License

```
/**
 * Copyright 2021 FlowSquad GmbH
 *
 * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
 * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
 * You may obtain a copy of the License at
 *
 * http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
 *
 * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 * See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 * limitations under the License.
 */
```

For the full license text, see the LICENSE file above.

Commit message:

Feat/deployment status (#18)
* Display deployment status on deployments
* Refactoring the deployment section by using a wrapper component for DeploymentList.tsx
* Configuration for non-proxy dev environments

Co-authored-by: Lukas Mösle <ext.dl.moesle@muenchen.de>

README.md, after:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React APP](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Get Started

You can get a docker container of the app by 
```
docker pull flowsquad/bpm-repo-client
```


If you want to make adjustments, get the app via 
```
git clone https://github.com/FlowSquad/bpm-repo-client.git
```
and check out the [Documentation](#TODO: Docusaurus link einfügen)


## Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

If you develop without a proxy (e.g. nginx) you can use the script `yarn run start-non-proxy` to use a locally running backend.
**Important Notice:** If you choose this approach, you have to make sure that the backend server sends appropriate cors headers (e.g. `*`).


### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `docker build .`

Build the [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) container in the current directory



## Languages

By default, the app comes with English and German translations.

### Changing translations

If you want to adjust a translations, navigate to the [translations-folder](public/translations) and open the corresponding language package. The JSON file contains the dictionary for all used terms and can be edited as desired.

### Adding new language packages

In order to add a new language, you have to go through three steps:
1. Create a new folder *foldername* in [translations](public/translations)
2. Copy the whole dictionary from another language package and replace all the translations
3. Add the corresponding Select-Option in the UI:
   - Navigate to [Menu](src/components/Menu/Menu.tsx)
    - Add an object like this to the *options*-Array, where you enter id, label, code (all standard nation codes are supported) and your *foldername* :
    
    ```javascript        
      {
      id: "German",
      label: t("language.german"),
      icon: <Flag className={classes.flagIcon} code="de" />,
      type: "button",
      onClick: () => changeLanguage(*foldername*)
      }
   ```




# Issues and Questions

If you experience any bugs or have questions concerning the usage or further development plans, don't hesitate to create a new issue. However, **please make sure to include all relevant logs, screenshots, and code examples**. Thanks!



# License

```
/**
 * Copyright 2021 FlowSquad GmbH
 *
 * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
 * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
 * You may obtain a copy of the License at
 *
 * http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
 *
 * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 * See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 * limitations under the License.
 */
```

For the full license text, see the LICENSE file above.
